Ego sum qui intus habitat.
(I am the one that dwells within)
Et ego sum qui﻿ venit in nomine eius.
(And I am the one who comes  in His name!)
Num putas me expellere, sacerdos?
(You really think you can cast me out, priest?)
Tente.
(Try.)
Ego te provoco.
(I dare you.)
Ein Kuss ein Kreuz und Bitten?
(A kiss, a cross and wishes? )
Glaubst du etwa, das wird dein kleines Mädchen retten?
(You really think that will save your little girl?)
Ego sum qui intus habitat...
(I am the one who dwells within...)
In nomine christi...
(In the name of Christ...)
...designate!
(...identify yourself!)
Ouden?
( Nothing? )
Get it off! Get it off! Get it off!
Eins, zwei, drei, vier, fünf, sechs!
(One, two, three, four, five, six!)
Names!
One, two, three, four, five, six!
I am the one who dwelt within Cain!
I am the one who dwelt within Nero!
I once dwelt within Judas!
And I was with Legion!
I am Belial!